= urgit

A micro ruby git inspired toolset.

This is a micro subset of git features implemented in ruby.  The goal is to allow access to some parts of a git repository without an external git client on the system.  It also attemps to work even under oppressive "least common denominitor" situations, such as running jruby on windows with a 1.5 era JDK. It does not in any way attempt to have all the features expected of a real git client.

This franken-git would not have been possible without the effort, ideas and code stolen/borrowed/forked/repurposed from projects like these:

git://github.com/minad/gitrb.git
git://github.com/georgi/git_store.git
git://github.com/judofyr/gash.git
git://github.com/mojombo/grit.git
git://github.com/schacon/git-ruby.git


== Contributing to urgit

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 iconoclast. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

